Hello dear friends today 5
January and this video is not absolutely
entertaining does not carry any
negative nature
paska in relation to any other
personalities
and whose character I will play
is absolutely fictional to everyone
successful viewing
where today is january 5 today i will
shoot x5 from all your tanks so on
how would i bend right the beginning oh yeah
perhaps it will be more often the best and
fifth level nasty light tank
I'm going to go and put 10 thousand damage
and so drove into battle
sandy river is the best map for the Czech Republic
I got to the eighth level
I'm here all the punching it from me
the best gun poured among all the lungs
tanks can be in their own way to shoot
no, i will kill
enemy tree tree your fate is decided
I 'll get you now that you left yes
how dare you come here enemy tree i
should tank and I would have 50
millimeters in the forehead and so tree to get to
what is 40 four of 3
yes how are you where the matzo took what it is
I don't get over the noise as they punch me
yes that comes across for the round
so all I understand you need to sit on the square -1 on
Best Soviet tt fifth level 75
millimeters forehead 110 millimeters forehead
turret board from from the tower this is the tank
which should drag the hands of a competent
I'm a literate player
drove
erlenberg card
father told me if you hit the top
you are the main tank ovalchik of your team
you have to drag armor oh oh oh she
the best Soviet tank of the fifth level 75
millimeters lo and 110 tower i can take it all
enemy team shells then I drove
half a card my grandfather always I told me on
the night that home and light is not the most
the main thing is victory is victory in
capture
I have to take a base of these. I see square 1
this is my enemy i heard while joe spoke
that ass tanks all this why why
remember shells are flying why me all
punch ass ass in the ass 60
millimeters I have to tank it
you enter you will never break me
420 medium elf casting
decides what's up for how he dared in one
you let me down and therefore i go and
and sends the sand I will not
ride soviet tyazh they don't
tank ass they do not break the land mines
Why I will bear what all my strength greater
no and I'm going to the sand can be there on
I spend my statka
so i hope
cruiser 3 you won't let me down so i
I must call the slide I am the middle tank
they are cool and light so i have to leave
highlight
and damage is a good start to start with.
yes who is shooting at me all the time why
enemy tanks have a conscience in my
british tank shoot so i
pissed off i gotta leave
I have to apply at home
that I will never raise my
bet up this game dear friends still
Hello everyone, this is me
I hope you like this image
video I decided to try myself in this
new humor format because many
complain that the video came out some
monotonous but still ideas as you can see
I have and if you liked me
I will be glad of your subscription of course the video
did not pursue the goal and anyone's feelings
touch and I did not try to tell there
about the fact that there are such players here so
further it is just humor and i hope
what he feels we started what have you
good luck to everyone on the battlefields myself
was max marmat subscribe to my
channel
if you want the same heading, put
likes this video i will build on
respectively from them all bye